hello how about friends saludes 1768 today
in this new video tutorial I'm going to
teach how to solve the problem
of the language change in the texts of the
game assassin's creed liberation good
all optional links for
download the material that we will use
will be in the description of the video
now we start
once downloaded this file rar what
decompress
right click of the mouse
extract here
will leave this folder
we open it
inside we will have this entry of
record what follows is to give it double
click on it
this window will appear
warning we give you without
to accept
ready they already have the texts in Spanish
now he opened the game for them to see
the changes
As you can see, the texts are already
Spanish language both the menu and the
elements judge the game good friends
I hope this video tutorial has been
of your liking a big greeting to all not
forget to comment subscribe and give
like the video until the next
this year